## Conclusion 

The change from physical media to today’s streaming world shows how quickly technology can change not only business but also everyday life. This mainly all started with vinyl records, cassettes and DVDs. Now almost every song, movie or even tv show is just a simple tap away as nowadays media like this is very easy to access. This change did not happen over night though. It took decades of trial and error, technological progress and changes in how people wanted to get their entertainment. 

We can see how much streaming has impacted our culture and when we examine this change as a society it has made entertainment way more easy to use and accessible than it was back in the past era and opened the door to more global content around the world and has actually kind of changed how millions of people around the world interreact with one another and find media altogether. Millions of peoples habits has also been changed by streaming. What I mean by this is that it would be difficult to return to a world of broadcasts or having to use DVDs because for example being able to binge watch a bunch of episodes or movies at once online at once has become such a normal thing to do. 

However based on our analysis we can see that streaming isn't perfect still. Although it has made entertainment such as streaming, watching your favorite tv shows and movies more accessible, it has also brought in some new problems that did not used to exist with the old physical media. For example concerns about data tracking, unclear subscription services are just some of them. The effects of continuous online streaming on the environment are growing. A lot of these problems come from the fact that most of the content we watch and listen to is now controlled by a small number of very powerful companies. They now have massive control over the delivery of media, who makes money from it, and what users can and cannot access as a result of this change 

Altogether the transformation from physical media to platforms such as Netflix and Spotify has been one of definitely one of the biggest changes in entertainment and has changed how all of us experience entertainment. It has just made life easier for people as a whole, given people access to a really big variety of content, and has really shaped the way we watch, listen and talk about media every day. But research has also shown that it has also brought new challenges that we are still trying to learn how to deal with. The future of streaming will probably depend on how well these companies can balance the needs of everyone around the world. If improvements are made due to fairness and long term sustainability streaming has the potential to become even better and stronger. 

 