# The societal viewpoint of physical media to streaming media 

 

When physical media was more profitable, people had a sense of ownership and permanence. This is since streaming is more of a payable license to stream media for a limited time and dependent on how much the customer pays for it, which could vary from a month or a whole year of streaming membership. Many of the streaming services such as websites such as Netflix started out as a DVD rental service until the late 2000s when Netflix introduced streaming services, and that was a real game changer for media in general. And platforms like Facebook or YouTube laid a foundation for streaming media. People started to use streaming services due to its accessibility to large amount of content that people can enjoy rather than buying a physical DVD for example to watch a film, streaming services provided access to thousands of movies, TV series for a small amount of money at the time. Streaming media really became popular when society was under lockdown due to the Covid 19 pandemic and people needed something for entertainment and that period was very big for streaming media as the viewerships skyrocketed. However nowadays, streaming is becoming hard for people to afford due to inflation and rising prices and while physical media such as DVDs or even cassettes still exist, people rarely buy physical media unless they want to actually own it. People would even go as far as using illegal websites and apps to pirate media just to avoid paying for it. Streaming also paved the way for big companies such as Amazon and Disney to make their own streaming services. One of the biggest reasons why people love streaming is because companies like Netflix make their own excusive content for their own platform. Shows like Stranger Things or even House of Cards were a major selling point for these huge corporations which encouraged people to spread the news of how the streaming platforms are great in their opinion. Streaming media is still going strong in popularity but due to this, people are starting to move away from physical media due to the massive popularity of streaming.